the girl took off her pants and prepared
to pee the man rushed over right when he
saw that the girl was startled she
picked up the piece of glass from the
ground to prepare to fight back the man
reluctantly took off his shoes and threw
them at her turns out he just wanted to
ask her for some urine to drink in this
place he didn't want to give up any
chance to drink water finally the girl
understood after she peed on the shoe
she gave it to him this place looks like
the inside of the vault in the bank this
man has been locked up there for four
days on the first day he woke up he
turned his head and saw a dead rat he
found himself locked in a place that
looked like the inside of a vault he
looked at the time on his watch and it
was 9 32 a.m on april 1st wait april 1st
isn't it the day of lies was that a joke
max was about to open the iron door but
he couldn't open it then he took out his
phone to call someone but there wasn't
any signal he looked around there was a
locked locker if someone really wanted
to play around with him then there must
be a camera he started walking around
looking but he couldn't find it he began
to turn and pee against the wall but
soon he began to regret his actions the
first day ended when he was about to
sleep a fly flew into his mouth it has
been a day without water so he was
extremely thirsty but then he wanted to
pee max just had to take off his shoes
and pee into them at this point he
defied everything to drink his own urine
then he discovered that there was a key
on the lights on the ceiling that was
definitely an important clue max
hurriedly took down the key but where
could he put it the locker of course he
walked out slowly to the locker and
opened it on the inside there was an
oxygen tank and a gas tank in addition
there was a hammer and a chisel first he
connected two tanks together to form a
flamethrower finally there was hope he
felt much better he started to spray the
fire on the fire alarm system but after
a long while still there was no water
falling down then he started burning the
iron door with fire again but the door
was unharmed max felt desperate he began
to vent his anger on the locker and he
even dropped the smoke detector from the
ceiling it turns out there was no water
inside max felt himself being played he
began to regain consciousness and
carefully analyzed the situation
currently he has no water no food and
doesn't know how to get out after all
who was playing him and what was their
purpose suddenly he discovered a small
hole in the wall that was definitely
also a clue max started chiseling the
wall but it was really laborious to be
able to continue he had to inhale oxygen
from the tank and eat maggots from the
dead rat when he had chiseled to the
iron core he used a flamethrower to let
it melt all of his plans seemed to have
been manipulated finally he got a hole
that was big enough to go through the
other side on the other side was still a
closed room with an iron door that
couldn't be opened he looked around and
saw a coffin inside it was a woman he
was checking when she suddenly jumped up
and panicked thinking that max was a bad
guy
max and the girl didn't speak the same
language so communicating with each
other was difficult for them when she
became aware of the problem she took the
initiative to find max to ask him to cut
the wall but then max had lost all of
his strength he taught her how to chisel
when the girl was about to pee max
stopped her in time after he explained
it to her she understood the
appreciation of water in this place in
this situation the girl accepted to
throw away her dignity the two of them
split up to drink all of that urine max
even ate up all of the maggots on the
rat's corpse to get more power to chisel
the wall although the two did not
understand what each other said the
atmosphere between them was very happy
at this moment the iron door opened a
bit but when they turned it stopped
moving they discovered that the door
would open when both of them turned
their backs to it max and the girl tried
to step back and they successfully got
to the room across the door the other
side was also a room they didn't know
who opened that door for them in this
room there was also a tomb they then
tried to turn their backs on the door
and chiseled the wall like before but it
didn't work the door did not open this
time max's body was at its limit he
really needed water suddenly he looked
at the girl in a very frightening way he
thought maybe people wanted him to eat
her but he couldn't do that he fell in
love with the girl who was in the same
situation as him he would rather die max
closed his eyes and was about to let go
the girl slapped him hard in the face to
keep him awake then she picked him up
and tried to use her tears to put in his
mouth to help but max still didn't wake
up finally she picked up max's shirt he
also understood what she meant the two
of them decided to have one last fun
before dying then both fell into a coma
not knowing how long the time had passed
they were awakened by the sound of the
door opening the two of them tried their
best to head towards the door after the
door opened they were shocked to see the
scene behind the door was a very
beautiful forest it was completely
different from the cold concrete room
behind them it felt like what they saw
did not exist in reality someone said
from the coffin and the tombstone we can
guess that the girl was in fact dead and
those stories that followed only
happened in max's imagination the lack
of oxygen lack of water and food made
his body exhausted and his mind became
paranoid